eat
sit here and work (outside)

call me when youre done with current secitons of your report
mail your stuff to yourself
i gottta leave

as soon as you're done with your report substantially, we move on to your Eval sectoin


#Evaluation

In this section, I will describe the manner in which the aforementioned system was put to test.
Because of the unique use case of sentiment analysis, I was unable to find a gold standard dataset to put my hypothesis against. Thus I resorted to juxtapose my system's results against human judgement.

##Experimental Setup

I created 60 pairs of two tweets, taken from both of the clusters, in a way that I have pairs where one tweet is very polar, and the opposite one isn't (For isntance, one very positive, the other slightly negative); some cases where both tweets are very polar (one very positive, one very negative); some cases where neither of the tweets are very polar (one slightly positive, one slightly negative). Thereby the pairs can be classified into following four categories - 
1. Very Postive, Very Negative
2. Very Positive, Slightly negative
3. Slightly Positive, Very Negative
4. Slightly Positive, Slightly Negative

It is to be noted that while the topics of the tweets across the pairs would be different, the topic of the tweets within a pair would be same.

Then, I manually evaluated these pairs, and put them in either of the four clusters, based on human judgement. By comparing the machine mediated and human mediated clustering, following results emerged - 

% of pair correctly clustered in Cluster 1 - 
% of pair correctly clustered in Cluster 2 - 
% of pair correctly clustered in Cluster 3 - 
% of pair correctly clustered in Cluster 4 - 

Future Scope -
Using twitter usage features to better guess sentiments. We could increase the emphasis of the tweet polarity with the amount of retweets and favorites it got. For instance, if a tweet is very negatively talking about the iPhone and is very popular, it is a safe assumption that the opinion is popular in the platform (in some circles, and the same must be reflected by the system)

Using the user's previous tweet's sentiments to make guesses about their current tweet's sentiment.